cpp/README.md, before:

cuStrings
===========

### API Documentation

C++ API documentation is generated by doxygen and published here
https://docs.rapids.ai/api/libnvstrings/nightly/

### Dependecies

The following has been used to build and test library.

* Linux 16.04
* CMake 3.12
* gcc 5.4
* CUDA 9.2, 10.0
* NVIDIA driver 396.44+  (Pascal arch or better)

This library is also dependent on the rapids/RMM library available at https://github.com/rapidsai/rmm
You must build and install RMM first before you can build this library.
Once built, set the following environment variable to where RMM is installed:
```
    export RMM_ROOT=/usr/local/include/rmm
```
This may be different if you installed this into a conda environment.
For example:
```
    export RMM_ROOT=${CONDA_PREFIX}/lib
```
Where the `CONDA_PREFIX` is the root directory of your target conda environment.

### Building for Python - Conda Environment

Follow this section to use the C++ Python module.
This will build the string library dependencies automatically.
The above dependencies can be setup using conda and with the `custring_dev.yml` file:
```
    conda env create -n devstr conda/environments/custrings_dev.yml
```
This will create a conda environment called `devstr` that can be used when building and running nvstrings.

### CMake for C++ interface

Build by creating a `build` dir under `/cpp` and calling cmake:
```
    cd cpp
    mkdir build
    cd build
    cmake ..
    make -j
```

Output includes `libNVStrings.so` and `libNVCategory.so` in the build dir.
You can install these into your `/usr/local` by calling
```
    sudo make install
```

If you want to build this for your conda environment only then run the cmake as follows instead:
```
    source activate ${CONDA_ENV}
    cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=${CONDA_PREFIX}
    make -j install
```
Where the `CONDA_ENV` is `devstr` as described above or whatever conda environment name you are using.
And the `CONDA_PREFIX` is the conda root directory like `~/conda/envs/devstr` or what is appropriate for your conda environment.

#### C++ API Documentation

The C++ interface is documented using doxygen. After running the cmake as described above, you can
build the doxygen files using the following:

```
    make doc
```

This will create an `cpp/doxygen/html` directory with the API documentation.
You can load the `cpp/doxygen/html/index.html` into your browser to navigate through the documentation.


### Building/Installing Python Modules

If you installed `libNVStrings.so` in your `/usr/local/lib` path then you may need to set the following
environment variable:
```
    NVSTRINGS_ROOT=/usr/local/include/nvstrings
```

The following will build the modules and install/deploy them in the current environment:
```
    source activate ${CONDA_ENV}
    cd python
    python setup.py install
```

Output includes `pyniNVStrings.so` and `pyniNVCategory.so` in the build dir
which will also be deployed correctly into your conda environment.


### Docker

There is also a Dockerfile that can be used to setup a build and test environment.
It is based on the [cuDF](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf) docker image mainly to keep a consistent conda environment.
To build this docker image you must first build or pull the appropriate cudf docker image.

Build the nvstrings docker image using:
```
    docker build -t custrings:latest .
```
To run the container use the following:
```
    docker run --runtime=nvidia -it custrings:latest bash
```
The image includes a Jupyter server. To run this server start the container as follows:
```
    docker run --runtime=nvidia -it -p 8889:8888 custrings:latest
```
Where 8889 is an open port on your local system. Leave off the command (e.g. bash) to start the server.
The Jupyter server is setup with key name 'rapids'.

Commit message:

Add top level build script for custrings
Build both libcustrings and custrings from
root of the git repository

cpp/README.md, after:

cuStrings
===========

### API Documentation

C++ API documentation is generated by doxygen and published here
https://docs.rapids.ai/api/libnvstrings/nightly/

### Dependecies

The following has been used to build and test library.

* Linux 16.04
* CMake 3.12
* gcc 5.4
* CUDA 9.2, 10.0
* NVIDIA driver 396.44+  (Pascal arch or better)

This library is also dependent on the rapids/RMM library available at https://github.com/rapidsai/rmm
You must build and install RMM first before you can build this library.
Once built, set the following environment variable to where RMM is installed:
```
    export RMM_ROOT=/usr/local/include/rmm
```
This may be different if you installed this into a conda environment.
For example:
```
    export RMM_ROOT=${CONDA_PREFIX}/lib
```
Where the `CONDA_PREFIX` is the root directory of your target conda environment.

### Building for Python - Conda Environment

Follow this section to use the C++ Python module.
This will build the string library dependencies automatically.
The above dependencies can be setup using conda and with the `custring_dev.yml` file:
```
    conda env create -n devstr conda/environments/custrings_dev.yml
```
This will create a conda environment called `devstr` that can be used when building and running nvstrings.

### CMake for C++ interface

Build and install libcustring from root of the git repository by
```
$ ./build.sh -h # To display all possible options
$ ./build.sh libcustrings
```

### Manually build libcustrings
Build by creating a `build` dir under `/cpp` and calling cmake:
```
    cd cpp
    mkdir build
    cd build
    cmake ..
    make -j
```

Output includes `libNVStrings.so` and `libNVCategory.so` in the build dir.
You can install these into your `/usr/local` by calling
```
    sudo make install
```

If you want to build this for your conda environment only then run the cmake as follows instead:
```
    source activate ${CONDA_ENV}
    cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=${CONDA_PREFIX}
    make -j install
```
Where the `CONDA_ENV` is `devstr` as described above or whatever conda environment name you are using.
And the `CONDA_PREFIX` is the conda root directory like `~/conda/envs/devstr` or what is appropriate for your conda environment.

#### C++ API Documentation

The C++ interface is documented using doxygen. After running the cmake as described above, you can
build the doxygen files using the following:

```
    make doc
```

This will create an `cpp/doxygen/html` directory with the API documentation.
You can load the `cpp/doxygen/html/index.html` into your browser to navigate through the documentation.


### Building/Installing Python Modules

If you installed `libNVStrings.so` in your `/usr/local/lib` path then you may need to set the following
environment variable:
```
    NVSTRINGS_ROOT=/usr/local/include/nvstrings
```

The following will build the modules and install/deploy them in the current environment:
```
    source activate ${CONDA_ENV}
    cd python
    python setup.py install
```

Output includes `pyniNVStrings.so` and `pyniNVCategory.so` in the build dir
which will also be deployed correctly into your conda environment.


### Docker

There is also a Dockerfile that can be used to setup a build and test environment.
It is based on the [cuDF](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf) docker image mainly to keep a consistent conda environment.
To build this docker image you must first build or pull the appropriate cudf docker image.

Build the nvstrings docker image using:
```
    docker build -t custrings:latest .
```
To run the container use the following:
```
    docker run --runtime=nvidia -it custrings:latest bash
```
The image includes a Jupyter server. To run this server start the container as follows:
```
    docker run --runtime=nvidia -it -p 8889:8888 custrings:latest
```
Where 8889 is an open port on your local system. Leave off the command (e.g. bash) to start the server.
The Jupyter server is setup with key name 'rapids'.
